---
num: "h01-04"
desc: "Same sections as HW01-04"
ready: true
assigned: 2020-02-22 17:00:00.00-7:00
due: 2020-02-29 11:00:00.00-7:00
---

* Note that  for this replacement homework, we will simply substitute your score from the replacement HW for the lowest score from the HW01-04: if you have 100% for the first four homeworks and then you get 90% on the replacement homework, we are automatically going to replace your 100% with the 90%; however, if you missed one homework and you got a 0 on it, then that 0 can be replaced with the score you get on this replacement HW. If you do not submit a replacement HW, your scores for the HW 1-4 will remain the same as they are now.


* Use the provided homework template PDF (without any blank pages): <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1mYQ81WATuGCC117Q7wVcu4nYPmiMB563>. 
Make sure you use the **EXACT** PDF format: do not re-type it into a different document, shrink or stretch it. 
**DO NOT** open or edit the file using Google Docs or Word or anything else that distorts the format of the document. See the tips posted on Piazza on how to add your answers electronically.


* Legibly fill out all requested fields. The size, color, font of your text must be readable, otherwise, you'll receive a 0 if we cannot decipher what you wrote.

* Submit a PDF document of this assignment on Gradescope **before the due date**. We will not accept late submissions.
	* You don't need to edit the PDF document: you just need to add text boxes with your answers in them. See the tips posted on Piazza.
    * Do **not** submit the paper copy of this document to the instructor: it needs to be turned it online, via Gradescope.

* By submitting this document you agree that this is your own, original work. Be aware of actions that violate the academic integrity: <http://judicialaffairs.sa.ucsb.edu/academic-integrity>.


